[Clang] disallow the use of asterisks preceding constructor and destructor names (#122621)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

      scope.Unlock();
      require(scope); // Warning!  Requires mu1.
    }

> - Clang now disallows the use of asterisks preceding constructor and destructor names (#GH121706).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Diagnose invalid declarators in the declaration of constructors and destructors (#GH121706).
```
